vivo bj
pa
bl
happy
el
pa
ran
vivo par
eee box
dee
vivo en
Tina
hpj
Hi A base is a special number of professional staff
This time
Professional amateur brand first tea
We will send you a report of Invader Multi
The base is
ego No international day or car that is international
Planche
Including live disadvantages
Michigan's car
And bore up cars to Japan , etc.
I have an agency contract
And I this time
I wonder from the new factory
a base original original core
To be able to introduce you to the board with the cover
I am excited
The reason I make dancing heart
As you all know
Now most of the ball performance
It is entrusted to the cover speed
In that it can use the cover immediate system which was not before
Words Performance seconds go with the ls is to dramatically widened
You can imagine
This Invader to deliver to you this time
There is no circulation until now
a Specially tuned up for the race only
Original cover speed
mo 5.5 Pete
Original corn
It consists of 22 Infinity go zoom.
The Big Picture of Ball Performance
Beautiful
3 Skits etc. in proportion to the baked surface
In the pack end
A characteristic that use firmly the lane
Hey it applied the screw inspiration with core
It is this that it is possible to realize a reaction with sharp
You'll find the oh no miracle
Compared with the hall specified by the evo river
It is not a feature of this hole that the back end has two points that are bad or violent
Hmm
Especially this kind of performance feels most confident
It is also an area
Material that contains no
Good quality
Sufficiently related
It will be athletic performance that is loved by many fans in Japan
We can limit this invader
We are starting with various preparations from now
And is a confectionery got to us Toka
Aim for different performance again
To everyone like we will proceed prepared to be able to supply all kinds of system
At first we have you use this invader
New approach
I will understand by that hand
Original new core from ls original factory
The first to be specially tuned up with the cover
Invader March
The ability to always meet your expectations
Please try it by all means
Yeah yeah yeah
car